This section will introduce Cucumber as acceptance testing
framework that favors automation and that can be easily used by
both developers and business analysts.
We'll prepare ourselves for using it within our flights management application.
We would like to answer a form of question that may point
out a few things from the very beginning.
What is Cucumber and what is it good for?
Cucumber is an acceptance testing framework,
in particular, a behavior-driven development testing tool framework.
Here describes the application behavior by using plain English
text defined by the language called Gherkin.
Cucumber allows automation facial validation,
easy to read and understand by both developers and business analysts.
The idea of automated acceptance tests originates in extreme programming,
XP, specifically in the practice of test-driven development,
TDD.
These tests are different from unit tests,
which help developers check their software functionality.
As we have already said,
unit tests focus on what a method or a class should do
and ensure you build the thing right, except on tests,
focus on behavior, and ensure you build the right thing.
Instead of a business analyst passing requirements to the
developer without much opportunity for feedback,
the developer and the analyst collaborate to write automated
tests that express what the stakeholder want.
We call them acceptance tests because they express what the sorter needs to
do in order for the stakeholder to find it acceptable.
The test will provide a clear signal about what our business
goals are and what the software should do.
Cucumber has been designed specifically to ensure the
acceptance test can easily be read and written by both
technical and known technical persons.
This reveals the true value of acceptance tests as a
communication and collaboration tool.
It can be used by anyone involved into the project.
Here, an example of a Cucumber acceptance test.
We define a feature that we call Passengers Policy.
Then we provide a short description of what this feature does.
It is about the policy of adding and removing
passengers depending on the passenger type.
Then we see a first scenario.
Anyone can read it in plain English and will understand
what the application needs to do.
Given there is a flight when we have a usual passenger,
then you can add and remove him from the flight.
We notice again the given, when, then words.
These are the key words of describing the scenario.
Cucumber will take care to interpret the sentences starting
with these keywords and generate methods that it will annotate
using exactly these annotations, given, when, and then.